Project Vision:

The project is about Computer and Information Security Policy Generator for Company.  According to DTI Information Security Breaches Survey 2004, 34% of respondents considered security either ‘difficult’ or ‘very difficult’ to build a business case for a policy, compared to only 3% and 7% for anti-virus software and firewalls.  As a result, there were only 33% companies, on average across all businesses, have their own security policy according to CSBS 2019. Especially the small and micro scale of businesses, they do not have enough budget to employ an information security officer.  So this system will help them to build up some basic security policies on specific I.T. scope.

As it has been mentioned before it is about Computer and Information Security Policy Generator for Company.  The project helps businesses to start to build up their own security policy by inserting their company information to the system.  The system will consist of two main parts.  For part 1, artificial intelligence will be used and the system will be trained to generate security policies by datasets.  As there were no such security policy dataset in internet, the dataset has to be made manually by collecting from different companies or different websites or generated by my own.  Then labels and classifies those collected security policies according to Security Policy Framework which is issued by the UK government.  The other dataset will be the business environment, like the business types, scope of I.T., etc.  This dataset will be generated by my own.  By making use of both datasets, the system should be able to be trained to generate basic security policies under specific scope of I.T. use case.  For part 2, this focuses on business information collection.  Private blockchain will be used in order to make sure the data collected is non-repudiate and associated to that particular version of generated security policy.

By combining both two parts, the system should be able to generate a suitable and basic security policy for the companies in specific scope, like WiFi usage policy, password policy, etc.


Keywords:

Policy Generator, Machine Learning, Blockchain


Risk Plan:

The most risky of this project is the datasets generating and the part of machine training.  The best practice of the system is to be able to generate those security policies word by word.  It requires english language analysis and trains the machine to have such ability.  However, it is very very difficult to do so in such a 3-month-time.  Instead, the system will be trained to identify the environment parameters, and pick up suitable labeled security policies from policy bank one by one.  On the other hand, if part 1 of the system were totally fail to make up, the machine learning part may be moved to part 2 to train the machine to understand user inputs in human language.


Trello:

https://trello.com/b/fds6BpZM/prco3041920wongchishing


Supervisor: Dr. Steve Furnell, Dr. Ivy Wong
